our guest tonight is a supremely
talented actor and singer he is on loan
from the devil himself joining us from
his very own house of rock please say
hello to Jack Black hi jack
hey you look good how you doing I'm
doing well yeah I got my best shirt on
for you big Jimmy Kimmel Live entrance
do you mind if I start over
entrance uh yeah I'd be happy to do that
you do have the best entrances maybe of
any guest ever so what do you want me to
do you have the band's can the band
place the music for me if I enter yes
well we'll get some music going for you
yeah all right okay all right well I
guess I should introduce him again our
guest tonight is a talented act actor
and singer who's down the hall at his
house
joining us from Castle black please
welcome Jack Black
[Music]
[Laughter]
still the king I'm sorry there's more
was that I hope that was one of your
sons either that or they're random
children wandering around your house
that was my boy Tommy getting in on the
act he was a mega blaster Jack when I
was a kid growing up in Brooklyn there
was a kid named Tommy black who lived
around the block and he used to beat me
up every single time he saw me that's
true yeah Tommy black and Eddie Fahey
you don't have an Eddie Fahey living
there do you
no Eddie baby but let me say Eddie Tommy
the ones who terrorized Jimmy turn over
a new leaf that you haven't already I'm
sure you have jack I very much as many
people did enjoy the video you made for
tik tok that dance really I think set
the planet on fire in a good way you
know honestly I feel like that's the one
thing I can do to contribute during this
tough time if I can I'm still out of
breath from that little way a
contribution that's our job Jimmy we got
to try to keep the giggles coming you
know you are this generation Sammy Davis
jr. in so many ways you're a real show
that's the highest compliment you can
pay me you didn't know this about me but
I'm a huge Sammy Davis jr. fan named my
first boy Sammy because of Sammy Davis
jr. yeah he is the ultimate Triple
Threat showman of the century Sammy
Davis jr. thank you man first concert I
ever went to Sammy Davis jr. no kidding
yeah in Las Vegas I was 14 years old
yeah well we're really getting a lot of
old memories hey Jen are you helping
your son Sammy and Tommy with their
homework are they doing the homeschool
who I am and all you parents know what
we're talking about the homeschooling
you want to keep them up on their on
their reading writing arithmetic and I
was never very good with my studies in
school I got a lot of sleeping done when
I was in class but we're doing our best
here I built my boy a computer desk so
that he could do his online schooling
really and that was a challenge yeah but
usually I think a normal person would be
able to do that in about 25 minutes but
it took me about three days did you
build it or did you assemble it well I I
mean it's like a Lego set you follow the
directions I assembled it there were
nuts and bolts involved was there a saw
involved because that's a that's a whole
different category
there was no sock I heard you have three
tortoises living in the house we're
talking big tortoises or what oh yeah we
got three desert tortoises living in our
house this this is our this is our
animal kingdom you're talking are you
here can you bring labia so
that they were inherited from from my
wife's mom Ellen she gave us these
little tortoise eggs and they hatched
and now we've got these creatures in our
house and we find out later they're
gonna live to be like a hundred and
seventy years old they're gonna weigh
outlive us which is weird you probably
didn't know this but tortoises hibernate
like bears so they went to sleep around
December something and they've been
asleep this whole time and they just
woke up from hibernation like a day ago
and then looking around like what
happened we went to sleep everything was
normal
now there's like a panda so the toilets
are freaking out muttering leggies
what's the tortoises name his name is
leggy and we named him leggy cuz when he
was born he had a little trouble getting
around on one foot one of his feet was a
little lame and we had to give him
special nutrients and put his little
eggie how you doing Oh what's up leggy
Oh ladies got a very quiet voice yeah
yeah good I know each night we are we've
we've selected a charity each night our
guests do and then I make a donation
that charity you pick the United Way
right yeah great organization great for
sure hey Jackson yeah we come back we
are going to meet a nurse from New
Orleans who's on the front line would
you like to help me greet her I would
love to meet this okay yes and she can
meet legi to Jack Black is with us we'll
come back with our health care hero of
the week